# Operating-Platforms
  This assignment included a client named The Gaming Room, that had built a game called "Draw it or Lose It" that revolved around a modern spin on the old 80s TV game "Win, Lose, or Draw." They want initially developed the game on an android app, and want to expand to a web-based game that serves multiple platforms. The assignment was to design a software template planning out what all requirements the client wanted to implement, and what all would be need to accomplish their needs. I am particularly good at research, so that is exactly what I did. I spent most of my time researching what all I would need to do, and how I could implement my findings into the assigned template. I think this assignment really helped me in the practice of planning out a project before attacking it, I am prone to starting a project without planning it out first.
  In general, I think I would just like more time to be able to research what all needed to be done and research the client to be able to customize the porject more to their liking. Getting a list of client needs is helpful because then you are able to prioritze the list based on what needs to be implemented and are required, verses what would be nice to have done, or what all there is time to implement within the time frame given. I think based on my current knowledge, I wouldn't change how I approached the project, but more along the lines of the techniques. I plan to know how to plan out projects better, and have a much better knowledge base of implementing them when I start my career!
